---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
---
UPDATE
I am a second year [Education Data Science Master](https://ed.stanford.edu/eds) student at [Stanford Graduate School of Education](https://ed.stanford.edu/). 
I’ve devoted myself to becoming the best teacher I can become and to advancing the profession of teaching. My training at the University of Michigan, enabled by my Gates Millennium and Coca-Cola scholarships, showed me that to accomplish that, I would have to develop a research-based practice. There I learned the importance of being a teacher who pursues what works broadly for children instead of just replicating what worked for them as a student a tradition ripe with room for biases that get reproduced for new generations of children.

When combined with rigorous coursework in mathematics and computer science, this experience has sparked a career of not just highly effective teaching but transformative school leadership. I served as a grade-level lead in year two of my teaching and led my team to the largest one-year average PSAT gains in that school’s history. In year three, I led our department’s effort to reformat our math course sequence, and as Master Teacher at my current school for the last four years I have worked to build an innovative, research-informed math program and a school committed to the work of social justice. Our math department has created project-based learning units that combine Learning for Justice’s social justice standards and Common Core’s standards for mathematical content and practice, I’ve led our department in creating a scope and sequence that maximizes our impact and leads to student opportunities beyond high school, as a member of our Instructional Leadership Team I’ve developed data protocols for us to continuously investigate areas for interventions for staff and students, and I’m the only teacher to have continually offered an AP course at our school – AP Computer Science Principles. Given my unique work history, I have practical knowledge of the challenges faced by teachers and schools to implement research effectively and to collect and analyze useful data anchored in a strong theoretical background. 

Experiencing how inadequate our current systems are at equipping teachers with resource they can use to improve their instruction and at equipping schools with insights and proven practices to support our most vulnerable students and educators leads me to now seek opportunities that will allow me to go from influencing thousands of students in my classroom and the classrooms of those I’ve mentored to having a national and potentially global impact.
